They drove up in front of our car in a Jeep with tinted windows and blocked the road.
Several masked men with automatic weapons jumped out and shouted,
don't move.
They twisted my arms behind my back and pushed me up against the hood of my car.
This interview was filmed in July 2019.
Felix Mahamedev described his arrest and his life in the detention center,
where he spent almost a year.
At that time, no one imagined that just two months later,
a court would find him guilty of organizing extremist activity
and imprison him along with five fellow believers.
In December 2019, the Sarata Fregional Court dismissed the appeal filed by the witnesses
and upheld the verdict.
Early in February, five of the six convicted Jehovah's Witnesses
were sent to penal colony number one in Arinburg.
Upon their arrival on February 6, they were beaten by prison guards.
The guards forced them to their knees and started beating them with clubs and fists and kicking them.
Felix was beaten the most, probably because he was smiling when they went in,
because he's always smiling.
Felix Mahamedev was diagnosed with a broken rib and a damaged lung and kidney.
Alexei and Tatiana Budinchuk have two young children.
The family lives in a small house and their main source of income comes from their small farm.
But on June 12, 2018, the lives of the entire family suddenly changed
when a group of armed officers raided their home.
I saw that someone wearing a mask and uniform went into the garage.
A few seconds later, he came up the stairs, forced me to the floor and handcuffed me.
Afterwards, they took mom and dad away.
I was afraid that I might never see them again.
Eventually, Tatiana was released, but two days later, a court sentenced Alexei to a detention center.
Konstantin Bajanov and Felix Mahamedev were sent to the same detention center.
Three other witnesses were forced to sign a document agreeing not to leave their city of residence.
I spent a total of 11 months and eight days in the detention center.
Then, on May 20, 2019, we were released from there and were placed under different form of restriction,
abandoned certain activities.
In July 2019, the criminal trial against the six witnesses from the city of Saratav began.
The charges read in black and white.
There are no victims, no harm whatsoever has been done to anyone.
An individual should be informed of the accusation against him, including specific details about the time and location.
But this document reads like this.
At an undetermined time, in an undetermined place,
after a certain date, somebody came up with the idea to create an organization whose activity was banned.
Eventually, all six witnesses were found guilty and sentenced to imprisonment from two to three and a half years.
The court decision proved to be a real test for their friends and relatives.
The wives of the six convicted witnesses from Saratav vowed to continue to support their husbands and to never renounce their faith in God.
In July 2019, in an interview given to our film crew, Felix Mahamadiyev and Alexey Budinchuk assured us that they are not embarrassed by the criminal prosecution
and that they view any hardships they may have to face as an opportunity to prove their loyalty to Jehovah.
There were times when it seemed I couldn't take it anymore,
but every day I pray to Jehovah that he give me peace and joy for that day.
I'm so proud of him.
Not only did he face the court trial with dignity, but he continues to bear up with dignity and he even helps me to endure.